Minwoo.
Let's not continue with the treatments.
Why?
You no longer need treatment?
I...
Your treatment has been going well,
and your mental state has improved a lot.
Am I wrong?
You're right.
My body
and mental state
have improved.
Thank you.
But you know,
dwelling too much on past traumas
can make you trapped in them.
You'll only sink deeper and deeper.
What I should really learn
is not to erase the past,
but to learn to accept it.
Looking at myself from
someone else's perspective
is the most important thing.
Someone else?
Do you mean Kim Haejun?
Ever since you started seeing him,
you know best...
how your life
has changed.
Am I wrong?
What do you mean?
In the past, at least
you knew what you wanted.
But now...
you're too unstable.
Kim Haejun can't give you anything.
But because of him,
you're trying to change yourself.
Why won't you choose me?
We know each other
better than anyone else.
Over 20 years,
you've been the only one for me.
So why won't you choose me?
I...
At the very least,
I thought
I was someone special to you.
I chose to be with Haejun
because he is him.
There's no other reason.
Yes, he and I lived in different worlds.
But the light on him
illuminates the darkness in my heart.
Of course, you're right that
there are still pockets of darkness
that he hasn't reached. But...
I still want to take a gamble
that he'll completely light me up.
Minwoo.
I don't want to deny
our 20 years of friendship.
Thank you for
those good times.
But some things can't be forced.
Don't come here again.
Minwoo!
Why's he leaving in a hurry?
Someone must have hurt him.
Focus.
You need more of this here.
I'll get going.
Take care.
He said I improved a lot!
Soohyung praised me
for making great progress today.
Really?
So you
are fond of him?
Yeah.
He's more impressive than I thought.
He seems frivolous, but he actually
graduated from an art school abroad.
It seems that
I've been too nice to you.
How dare you praise another man
in front of me?
That's not what I meant.
Then what did you mean?
You know, I saw that
you two were very close.
He touched your hands,
stared at your wrists,
and your ear...
His ear was so close to your ear.
Do you have to be so intimate
for an art class?
What?
Do you want to sleep with him?
Have you thought about it?
Yes or no?
How dare you
bite me?
Can you please let me explain?
There's really nothing between him and me.
Why won't you hear me out? Why?
In my opinion,
you don't need extra lessons.
So what if you can't graduate?
What use would all that drawing be?
Can you make money even if you graduate?
I can arrange a good job for you.
Why can't you see how lucky you are?
Look!
Look carefully.
This villa.
This house.
My house!
How great is it?
Can you ever afford it?
You can't.
Why don't you know how lucky you are
and insist on going out to work?
Leave then.
I never thought of depending on you.
You overestimate yourself!
Fine.
You actually
really left?
How could he say
such hurtful things to me?
He thinks he's so great.
There's not even a taxi.
Do I have to walk home?
Did Jaehun kick you out?
Why are you here?
I told you
you were not compatible.
Who are you to say that?
We can solve our problems
by ourselves.
You have no right to interfere.
Your relationship?
How long have you known each other?
He just...
He just
got with you on impulse.
Don't tell me
you think you're special to him?
Don't flatter yourself.
I think the value of love is
based on the depth of your love
and not how long you've spent together.
Someone like you
can never win his heart
even if you spend 30 years by his side.
Who are you to say that about me?
Didn't I make myself clear today?
I was naive to think
that you had principles.
I overestimated
our 20 years of friendship.
For old times' sake,
I don't want to be harsh.
So get out of my sight right now.
I'll do it myself.
Don't move.
You've been out for so long.
You're lucky that
you didn't freeze to death.
Are you still mad at me?
I should be asking you that.
Who got angry and ran out just now?
I didn't expect to walk that far.
I was angry and ran out,
but I went further than I thought.
You know what?
You're acting like a female lead
in a tragedy.
Then,
are you the male lead?
Don't be angry anymore.
Do you
really not know why I'm angry?
I do.
Because I didn't respect your thoughts
and said hurtful things.
Your life is yours to decide.
But I actually...
Maybe it's because we've gotten close...
I should've shown you more respect.
I'm sorry.
I don't understand
why I'm so afraid that you will leave me.
I trust you.
So...
you should trust me too.
What's wrong?
Is Jaehun still not picking up?
Yeah.
This has never happened before.
Oh, come on,
you know what he's like.
Once he makes a decision,
he will never turn back.
Especially when it concerns
his special someone,
his painkiller.
That Kim Haejun
is the one he really wants to protect.
And you crossed the line.
You tried to hurt the one
he wants to protect.
You failed, but you've antagonized him.
Minwoo.
You were too anxious.
How could our 20-year friendship
lose to
a six-month relationship?
That's the power of love.
Isn't it amazing?
Between sunlight and shadow,
what will the one who yearns for warmth
choose?
Just give up.
Even without Jaehun,
I'm still by your side.
I have no feelings for you.
Why'd you laugh at me?
I didn't.
I just thought
you're cute.
Then...
Join me.
This dance is very popular these days.
I don't want to.
It looks stupid.
You just mocked me, right?
Do it with me.
Or I'll really get mad.
Do you hear me?
Come on.
Fine.
You're so bad at dancing!
Hey.
You've been
teasing me too much, don't you think?
Huh?
What are you doing?
OK, OK.
I was wrong.
I'm sorry.
OK, OK.
I know I was wrong.
Bingo!
"Bingo," huh?
You started it.
You didn't get me!
I don't wanna play anymore.
I'm leaving.
Where are you going now?
Kim Haejun.
You did it on purpose, didn't you?
Why do you always stop kissing halfway?
Because you like going slow.
I'm just matching your pace.
You haven't given me a new year gift yet.
I won't just let it slide.
But...
don't you think you're going too slow?
Besides,
you've only been kissing me
in secluded spots lately.
Is Christmas season
getting you in the mood?
Let's talk on the rooftop.
Don't be impatient.
You're so greedy.
I'm so rich,
yet you're calling me greedy?
I'll show you
what true greed is.
What is this?
Haejun, do you want to
bake cookies again tonight?
No.
I'm a bit tired.
[Who are you?]
[Tide of Love 2]